+++
author = "Dan Webb"
date = "2019-02-25T20:00:00"
description = "2019-02-25 Sous-Chefs Meeting"
draft = false
title = "2019-02-25 Sous-Chefs Meeting"
+++

## apache2 release

This week we released Apache2!

We're looking for user configurations to test backwards compatability.

## nginx transfer

Nginx have been transferred to the Sous-Chefs this week.

Nginx is going to be modelled after apache2 style

## AOB

### Best Practises

Update of our best practices:

- Low level of abstractions, it should be as close to the documentation as possible
- Opinionated
- Don't make the simple things hard to do, just to meet a niche use case
- Cookbooks are made to serve the 95% use case
- Low maintenance overhead

### Thursdays PR Help Session

- Enable people with little experience to get up to speed
- Help people open PRs or perspective
- Catch-up with inflight PRs
- Follow the thought process of reworking cookbooks

### Bone Yard

We're looking to start a Boneyard similar to [Chef Boneyard](https://github.com/chef-boneyard), for Sous-chefs cookbooks that we don't actively maintain.

### De-poise

We have a number of candidates to remove poise. The main aim for this project is to bring these cookbooks into line with [Sous-Chefs standards.](/docs/best-practices/)

This should mean that more people will be able to contribute patches and improvements to them in the future.

Candidates for de-poise

- HAProxy
- Consul
- Hashicorp Vault

## Thursdays Hack Session

This week we are going to run a hack session on de-poising HAProxy. Come along if you want to learn anything about cookbook maintenance!

We will be running the session at 5pm GMT.

- [HAProxy de-poise tracking issue](https://github.com/sous-chefs/haproxy/issues/332)
